hi I'm mr. anime and I hope everyone had
a great halloween halloween is over now
though so it's for today i'm going to be
reviewing Satoshi cons tokyo godfathers
hi everybody hi mr. anime and all I
didn't want to know that as upset timber
of this year I've been doing mr. anime
reviews for three years so thanks for
everyone and for all the support this is
the little break for a little round of
applause there's a round of applause for
all of you for keeping me going for
three years anyway i'm reviewing Satoshi
cons tokyo godfathers and Walden I have
my actual green screen that i bought
behind me and i would use it for
screenshots but as you can see you know
I kind of block the picture i have to
like I don't have to disappear I'd have
to like go down here really all right
yeah you know what I have to go all the
way out there so I'm just gonna do
screenshots like normally yes but you
know the green screens not tickets it's
a nice to pretty color to look at what
you watch me via MIDI and shake my hands
so Jen I got the big beer named Jen
Hannah a runaway girl that always works
baggy clothes in this gay flamer that
they call uncle bag three people or the
main characters of tokyo godfathers
they're also all homeless so they're
bums shifting through the trash one day
and all of a sudden they hear crying
yeah it's a baby and they go investigate
I only know it's over here you know
what's behind I don't line up syrup I
have syrup on the table on or a lot but
they're going to investigate these baby
cries and they find a baby so three
homeless people find a baby they named
the baby Kyoko I figure out what they
said Kyoko means but they name to maybe
Kyoko they're going on this big hunt to
look for the baby's father and mother
because you know the baby's been
abandoned in this big trash dump and the
three hobos are trying to go around and
just about all of the movie is these
hobos that are trying to go around and
find the baby's parents that's all it is
and have all these encounters and run
into people that they knew like the homo
flamer has this encounter with this
person that he calls his mom
really just another flamer satoshi kon
really puts in all these like self-pity
moments into his stuff especially in
this movie and it was actually a little
too much for me like all the characters
felt so sorry for themselves it really
kind of aggravated me because I feel
sorry let me tell you something coffee
maker I'm sorry that you're just a
coffee maker you know you know I know I
know I know I'm just so sorry that your
coffee making you can never be anything
more in life you know that right I mean
you know that examples a little extreme
but still that's pretty much how it is
too much of a pity party here it's like
they're at the party and the alcohol
runs out and you really want to leave
however this was made in 2003 the voice
acting is very good I Washington
Japanese I really liked it very funny
the comedy was placed very well it kind
of didn't have some dark comedy there so
you kind of have to be ready to accept
that kind of comedy that's not just in
your face even though it did have
something face county the characters are
always loved how she Satoshi can't draw
the characters unlike like highschool of
the dead you know full metal panic the
characters aren't super models they're
not particularly attractive just like
real life you go into her life you don't
see everybody being attracted it really
depends where you live but you know
generally not I live here in South Texas
so you know I might see people ride
horses every so often or you know I see
people turn a lot of tobacco the colors
are very dark and gritty which is very
typical of satoshi kon very dark very
greedy kind of hard to see sometimes not
very colorful and pretty and shiny
satoshi kon judicial animation really
wins a lot of points in my book because
i really do lie you're like I'm not even
kidding I really do and also very good
art direction good r direction good with
the keyframes very good keyframes very
smooth motions when someone would around
it wouldn't really cheap it would really
cute man he would really draw someone
right so satoshi kon did a great job he
passed away this year I'm very sorry to
hear that he passed away after i
reviewed his enemy
a kicked the golden baseball bat
paranoia agent so you know I had already
had a little interaction with Satoshi
cons work earlier and he died after our
view then I'm very sorry that's Toki God
died very big anime talent I have to
give it a six point five out of 10 so I
will see you next time for the dark
percent miss your enemy reviews i'm
going to be reviewing the Japanese war
anime back in time travel is a pain